https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js/releases.atom                   "~  Nuxt.js Releases"                tech release
https://github.com/vuejs/vue/releases.atom                      "~  Vue.js Releases"                 tech release
https://github.com/swaywm/sway/releases.atom                    "~  Sway Releases"                   tech release
https://github.com/udecode/slate-plugins/releases.atom          "~  Slate Plugins"                   tech release
ettps://github.com/ianstormtaylor/slate/releases.atom           "~  Slate"                           tech release

https://drewdevault.com/feed.xml                                "~  Drew DeVault's Blog"             blog tech
https://overreacted.io/rss.xml                                  "~  Overreacted"                     blog tech
https://mtlynch.io/feed.xml                                     "~  Michael Lynch"                   blog tech
https://daringfireball.net/feeds/main                           "~  Daring Fireball"                 blog tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror                        "~  Coding Horror"                   blog tech

https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/feed/                 "~  TypeScript Releases"             tech release
https://gentoo.org/feeds/news.xml                               "~  Gentoo News"                     tech release
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/feeds/news.rss                     "~  Ruby Lang"                       tech release

https://planet.gentoo.org/rss20.xml                             "~  Planet Gentoo"                   news tech
https://blog.mozilla.org/firefox/feed/                          "~  The Firefox Frontier"            news tech
https://www.mozilla.cz/feed/                                    "~  Mozilla.cz"                      news tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index/                 "~  ArsTechnica"                     news tech
https://www.theverge.com/rss/index.xml                          "~  The Verge"                       news tech
https://www.root.cz/rss/clanky/                                 "~  ROOT.cz"                         news tech
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss                                "~  Hacker News"                     news tech
https://lwn.net/headlines/newrss                                "~  LWM.net"                         news tech
https://css-tricks.com/feed/                                    "~  CSS Tricks"                      news tech
https://alistapart.com/main/feed/                               "~  A List Apart"                    news tech
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed/                          "~  Smashing Magazine"               news tech

https://frontendfoc.us/rss/1120p4jd                             "~  Frontend Focus"                  newsletter tech
https://javascriptweekly.com/rss/1cgj9je9                       "~  JavaScript Weekly"               newsletter tech
https://vuejsfeed.com/feed                                      "~  Vue.js Feed"                     newsletter tech
https://this-week-in-rust.org/rss.xml                           "~  This Week in Rust"               newsletter tech

https://austinkleon.com/feed/                                   "~  Austin Kleon"                    blog creativity
http://feeds.kottke.org/main                                    "~  Kottke"                          blog creativity
https://om.co/feed/                                             "~  Om Malik"                        blog creativity
https://durmonski.com/feed/                                     "~  Ivaylo Durmonski"                blog productivity 


https://www.reddit.com/r/swaywm.rss                             "~  reddit/r/swaywm"                 reddit tech
